---
layout: page
title:  "Privacy Policy"
date:   2022-02-05 04:24:58 +0100
author: Utsumi
categories: legal
permalink: "legal"
---
### Privacy Policy 

Yamauchi Corp nv is committed to preserving your privacy. Your personal details will not be made available to any third party for marketing purposes or to anyone else outside of Yamauchi Corp nv, other than: 1. reputable companies used by us to fulfil or deliver your orders; 2. if we are required to do so by law, or if we receive a valid request by the police or government departing, investigating an illegal activity.

### Registration and Personal Data 

Our website’s registration process requires users to give us contact information, such as name,         e-mail and ( not Phone number. Contact information is used to send requested information, news flashes and other information about our company. Contact information may also be used to send promotional material and to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving mailings and opt-in to e-mail activity by contacting Sales@Yamùauchi.be or by writing to the address at the bottom of this document. 

### Marketing 

We would like to contact you from time to time about our products, offers and services. Yamauchi Corp nv will always seek your permission before mailing any marketing information. You can request that we stop using your information in this manner at any time by writing to, or e-mailing us, at the address at the bottom of this document. Please note that we will deal with your request promptly, but you may receive information for a short period after your request whilst we update our records.

### Cookies 

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer, phone or tablet PC when you visit www.Yamauchi.be . These cookies do not contain any of your personal or confidential information such as your address, name or credit card details. Cookies are an integral part of how Yamauchi and most other commercial websites work. They are used to collect information on the way you use our website and to make your online experience with us easy and convenient. Cookies are used on our website to track how visitors reach our website and the path they take through it. This allows us to improve our website design and the service we provide to you. We use Google Analytics to track visitor activity on our website. Google Analytics uses coolies for this purpose. For more information, see the Google Privacy site http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/. By using our website, you are consenting to the use of the cookies described above. To withdraw your consent, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should change the relevant setting in your web browser. For details on how to disable cookies, please refer to the “Help” section of your browser software. For further information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
